Digital Twin Manager 1025.8.4 Changelogs for Plugins 6.2.2 (#4985)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-8-4-delete-asset-modal-now-displays-an-info-message-for-managed-objects-without-a-device-asset-or-device-group-classification.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Asset deletion modal displays info message for unclassified managed objects"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asset deletion modal displays clearer info message for unclassified managed objects"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-3085"
version: "1025.8.4"
---

> When deleting managed objects from the sub-assets list, the confirmation dialog previously showed only the title and action buttons for items without a device, asset, or device group classification. The deletion modal now displays a clear info message explaining that only the selected object will be deleted, providing users with better context before confirming the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deleting managed objects from the subassets list, the confirmation dialog previously showed only the title and action buttons for items without a device, asset, or device group classification. The deletion modal now displays a clear info message stating that only the selected object will be deleted, providing users with better context before confirming the action.
```
